ash-rs docs (#35)
AshAvalanche/ash-docs: docs/toolkit/ash-cli/introduction.md

        blockchains:
          - id: 11111111111111111111111111111111LpoYY
            name: P-Chain
            vmType: PVM
            rpcUrl: http://validator01.ash.local:9650/ext/bc/P
          [...]
```

  </div>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Create Subnets and blockchains 🛠️, 100% <b>compatible with Avalanche CLI</b> wizard</summary>
  <div>

Coming soon! Stay tuned by following [@ash_avax](https://twitter.com/ash_avax) 🐦!

  </div>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Lightweight (written in Rust 🦀) and <b>perfect for scripting</b> with JSON output</summary>
  <div>

```bash
export AVALANCHE_NETWORK=my-network
export ASH_CONFIG_PATH=~/.config/ash/my-network.yaml
export ASH_JSON=true

ash avalanche validator info --id NodeID-CskPetRMvtH5Xr6gLa5cwfY4hR34UgkM5 | jq '.uptime'
```

  </div>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>The <b>command line companion</b> 🧑‍💻 of all the other Ash tools</summary>
  <div>

Coming soon! Stay tuned by following [@ash_avax](https://twitter.com/ash_avax) 🐦!

  </div>
</details>

## Motivation

Several factors motivated us to create the Ash CLI:

**The need of an easy and scriptable way to explore Avalanche networks from the command line**

> - A network information is accessible through [AvalancheGo JSON-RPC APIs](https://docs.avax.network/apis/avalanchego/apis/issuing-api-calls), that are not made to be queried directly by developers. Extra development is required to reach an acceptable level of usability (don't tell me you like querying JSON-RPC endpoints with cURL 😬).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A network information is accessible through [AvalancheGo JSON-RPC APIs](https://docs.avax.network/apis/avalanchego/apis/issuing-api-calls), that are not made to be queried directly by developers. Extra development is required to reach an acceptable level of usability (don't tell us you like querying JSON-RPC endpoints with cURL 😬).
```

- The **API layout is not optimal for all queries** and sometimes requires multiple calls to get the desired information. The Ash CLI abstracts this complexity and provides a single command to get the information you need.

> Example command for listing all the blockchains of the `Vn3aX6hNRstj5VHHm63TCgPNaeGnRSqCYXQqemSqDd2TQH4qJ` Subnet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's see how easy it is to list all the blockchains of the `Vn3aX6hNRstj5VHHm63TCgPNaeGnRSqCYXQqemSqDd2TQH4qJ` Subnet using Ash CLI vs cURL:
```
